c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.exe
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.deps.json
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.dll
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.pdb
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.dll
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\refint\C# class.dll
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.pdb
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\ref\C# class.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\HarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\LiveChartsCore.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\LiveChartsCore.SkiaSharpView.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\LiveChartsCore.SkiaSharpView.WinForms.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\OpenTK.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\SkiaSharp.HarfBuzz.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\SkiaSharp.Views.Desktop.Common.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\SkiaSharp.Views.WindowsForms.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\osx\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dylib
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\aidan\OneDrive\Desktop\C# Final\C# class\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\C# class.csproj.Up2Date
